Photoshop Certified Expert,
Instructor & Entrepreneur

+40.727.744.299
barin.cristian@yahoo.com
thislooksgreat.net
2930 Werninger Street
udemy.com/user/barindoru

Passionate about teaching, Chris teaches on Udemy because he has been disappointed in the 
quality of training materials available for people who want to learn design.

In his courses, he holds nothing back; he documents and shares his entire experience on how he
managed to stand out from the competition and do the work that he loves full-time.

Chris's courses are some of the highest rated ones in the design category, as well as some of
the bestselling ones on the entire platform.

Students rave about his fast response time, clear explanations, and overall teaching style.
Feel free to send him a message if you have questions or suggestions for how he can create
a better learning experience for you.


Freelance Designer
99designs.com
Oct 2010 - May 2013, Bucharest, Romania

99designs is the #1 marketplace for graphic design, including logo design, web design and 
other design contests. I created educational content for their community and I loved
every second of it.

Photoshop Instructor
Udemy
Jan 2013 - Present, International

Udemy.com is one of the biggest names in e-learning and I'm proud to say I've created several 
courses for them. My teachings revolve around web design and the design industry in general
and I'm among the best teachers on the platform.

Chief Executive Officer
Theme Junky
Dec 2013 - Present, Bucharest, Romania
At Theme Junky, our daily focus is on creating original and effective graphic designs, all
customized for a vast number of personalization apps.

Freelance Writer
99designs.com/designer-blog
Jul 2013 - Jan 2015, International
99designs is the #1 marketplace for graphic design, including logo design, web design and 
other design contests. I created educational content for their community and I loved
every second of it.

High School Ion Barbu
2004 - 2008, Bucharest, Romania

University Dimitrie Cantemir
2008 - 2011, Bucharest, Romania

Adobe Certified Expert in Photoshop
2017, Pearson Vue, Bucharest, Romania